Update contact.md (#1226)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/community/chat.md

### Overview of logs
Overview of the logs of XSF chatrooms ([logs](https://logs.xmpp.org/))

### XSF chatroom
Chat about the XMPP standards process ([join](xmpp:xsf@muc.xmpp.org?join) | [logs](http://logs.xmpp.org/xsf/) | [webchat](https://xmpp.org/chat?xsf))

### Editors chatroom
Chat about the XMPP standards process and the editorial work ([join](xmpp:editor@muc.xmpp.org?join) | [logs](http://logs.xmpp.org/editor/) | [webchat](https://xmpp.org/chat?editor))

### Developer chatroom
Chat about build software with XMPP ([join](xmpp:jdev@muc.xmpp.org?join) | [logs](http://logs.xmpp.org/jdev/) | [webchat](https://xmpp.org/chat?jdev))

### Operators chatroom
Chat about running XMPP services ([join](xmpp:operators@muc.xmpp.org?join) | [logs](http://logs.xmpp.org/operators/) | [webchat](https://xmpp.org/chat?operators))

> All of these venues are completely free and open to any interested individual. If you are interested in searching for other chat have a look at the [XMPP Chat Room Search Engine](https://search.jabber.network/rooms/1) (not related to XSF business or hosting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these venues are completely free and open to any interested individual. Community chats for software support etc. can be found via [XMPP Chat Room Search Engine](https://search.jabber.network/rooms/1) (not related to XSF business or hosting).
```
